README.md, before:

# Tier 1 Code Challenge

## Objective

This is a cumulative assessment of Tier 1 content. Your goal is identify specific things that are challenging for you. These can help you form a plan for next week in Tier 2, where we will review all of these concepts and code. 

Think of this as preparation for class!


## Rules

- Work through this challenge on your own. We would like to get an accurate picture of your own understanding as we head into Tier 2. This is one of the rare times we ask you to work solo. 
- You may use any notes or past assignments or video content anywhere you can find as a resource!
- Spend 2 hours with the challenge, then submit your code as usual. We're not going to nitpick the 2 hours, but the base portion is expected to be completed in that time.

**If you get tripped up or are having trouble on it, please just make notes and write down some questions for next week.**



## Instructions

Inside the `client.js` are a set of steps written out in long form. Each numbered step needs to be implemented in JavaScript. Write your code beneath each step and turn in your completed code repo.

Keep all of your code inside the `$(document).ready(function() {` function, as the stretch goals use jQuery!

**Be sure to test regularly and use plenty of `console.logs()` to help find your errors!**

Commit message:

removed jquery, stubbed in function signature, updated instrructions

README.md, after:

# Tier 1 Code Challenge

## Objective

This is a cumulative assessment of Tier 1 content. Your goal is identify specific things that are challenging for you. These can help you form a plan for next week in Tier 2, where we will review all of these concepts and code. 

Think of this as preparation for class!


## The App

You will be writing some code and functions as a part of a generic Scrabble-like game where the user will have a set of tile objects. These tile objects represent a letter and and a point value.

Like any Scrabble game, it's helpful to be able to add up the tiles a player has and see if they have the current high score.

That's it! That's the premise. With this in mind, go forth and code!


## Rules

- This is code only, there will be no user interface (nothing on the web page).
- Work through this challenge on your own. We would like to get an accurate picture of your own understanding as we head into Tier 2. This is one of the rare times we ask you to work solo. 
- You may use any notes or past assignments or video content anywhere you can find as a resource!
- Spend 2 hours with the challenge, then submit your code as usual. We're not going to nitpick the 2 hours, but the base portion is expected to be completed in that time.

**If you get tripped up or are having trouble on it, please just make notes and write down some questions for next week.**



## Instructions

Inside the `client.js` are a set of steps written out in long form. Each numbered step needs to be implemented in JavaScript. Write your code beneath each step and turn in your completed code repo.

**Be sure to test regularly and use plenty of `console.logs()` to help find your errors!**
